docs: Updated Introduction Page (#268)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/introduction/index.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Introduction

> ##What is an ERP?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is an ERP?
```

> If you are already convinced that you need an all-in-one software for your organization, you can skip this page.

ERP stands for Enterprise Resource Planning. ERP is a category of business management software used to collect, store, manage, interpret data from business activities, enforce processes, enable control mechanisms and automate a range of activities.

> Here is a bit of historical context on how the term ERP came to be. Manufacturing companies need to plan and manage their resources like raw materials, machinery, and workforce to meet customer demands. In the 1960s and 70s companies started to use software to better plan and manage the resources. These software were called Manufacturing Resource Planning (MRP). Later more functionalities like finance and accounting, human resource management, project planning were added by MRP vendors in an attempt to offer an all-in-one software and such software were named Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). While ERPs have their root in the manufacturing industry, today companies in all sorts of industries use them.

Reviewer: "MRP" stands for Material Requirements Planning, "MRP II" for Manufacturing Resource Planning. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manufacturing_resource_planning

> Here is a bit of historical context on how the term ERP came to be. Manufacturing companies need to plan and manage their resources like raw materials, machinery, and workforce to meet customer demands. In the 1960s and 70s companies started to use software to better plan and manage the resources. These software were called **Material Requirements Planning (MRP or MRP I)**. From this **Manufacturing Resource Planning (MRP or MRP II)** evolved which added more functionalities like forecasting, maintenance scheduling, and financial accounting. Later more functionalities like human resource management, project planning were added by the MRP vendors in an attempt to offer an all-in-one software, and such software were named **Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)**. While ERPs have their root in the manufacturing industry, today companies in all sorts of industries use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a bit of historical context on how the term ERP came to be. Manufacturing companies need to plan and manage their resources like raw materials, machinery, and workforce to meet customer demands. In the 1960s and 70s companies started to use software to better plan and manage the resources. These software were called **Material Requirements Planning (MRP)**. From this **Manufacturing Resource Planning (MRP II)** evolved which added more functionalities like forecasting, maintenance scheduling, and financial accounting. Later more functionalities like human resource management, project planning were added by the MRP vendors in an attempt to offer an all-in-one software, and such software were named **Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)**. While ERPs have their root in the manufacturing industry, today companies in all sorts of industries use them.
```

MRP I for Material Requirements Planning and MRP for Manufacturing Resource Planning are not commonly used.

> Whether you are a tiny, small, mid, large, huge, or humongous organization, you will benefit from having an ERP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you are a small, medium or large organization, you will benefit from having an ERP.
```

Not sure if tiny and humongous are standard company sizes. 😄 And an ERP system might be overkill for a tiny organization.

> ##Why do companies use ERP?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why do companies use ERP?
```

**1. Single Source of Truth**

> If the sales team in your company uses one software to manage sales and the accounting team uses separate accounting software this could lead to few issues. The accounting team needs to duplicate the customer data and continuously update it to keep it in sync with the data in software used by the sales team. And depending on whom you ask you may get a different answer for the same question like what is the billing address of a specific customer. ERPs eliminate this as they act as a single central database. This results in efficiency and data accuracy. You can gain insights into your business via reports and analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the sales team in your company uses one software to manage sales and the accounting team uses a separate accounting software this causes some issues. The accounting team needs to duplicate the customer data and continuously update it to keep it in sync with the data in the sales software. And depending on whom you ask you may get a different answer for the same question like "What is the billing address of a specific customer?". ERP systems eliminate this as they act as a single source of truth. This results in efficiency and data accuracy. You can gain insights into your business via reports and analytics.
```

> If the sales team in your company uses one software to manage sales and the accounting team uses a separate accounting software this could result some issues. The accounting team needs to duplicate the customer data and continuously update it to keep it in sync with the data in the sales software. And depending on whom you ask you may get a different answer for the same question like what is the billing address of a specific customer. ERP systems eliminate this as they act as a single central database (single source of truth). This results in efficiency and data accuracy. You can gain insights into your business via reports and analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the sales team in your company uses one software to manage sales and the accounting team uses a separate accounting software this could result in some issues. The accounting team needs to duplicate the customer data and continuously update it to keep it in sync with the data in the sales software. And depending on whom you ask you may get a different answer for the same question like what is the billing address of a specific customer. ERP systems eliminate this as they act as a single central database (single source of truth). This results in efficiency and data accuracy. You can gain insights into your business via reports and analytics.
```

**2. Enforce Process and Control Mechanisms**

> For your organization to operate seamlessly at a scale you need to enforce certain processes and build control mechanisms. For example, every quotation must be approved by a sales manager, then by an accounts manager and if the total value of the items being quoted is above a certain threshold it must be approved by the CEO. You can easily enforce such processes via ERPs. Here is an example of another process. A specific product must go through a quality check and meet the quality parameters before it is accepted and paid for. These are called 'Business Rules' and ERPs make it easy to enforce business rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your organization to operate seamlessly at a scale you need to enforce certain processes and build control mechanisms. For example, every quotation must be approved by a sales manager, then by an accounts manager and if the total value of the items being quoted is above a certain threshold it must be approved by the CEO. You can easily enforce such processes via ERPs. Here is an example of another process: A specific product must go through a quality check and meet the quality parameters before it is accepted and paid for. These are called 'Business Rules' and ERPs make it easy to enforce business rules.
```

**3. Automation**

> You can automate a range of things via ERPs. For example, you can configure your ERP to prepare a purchase order and send it to the preferred supplier if the stock level of a specific item falls below a threshold. Here is another example, you can configure your ERP to automatically assign leads to the right salesperson based on certain rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can automate a range of things via ERPs. For example, you can configure your ERP to prepare a purchase order and send it to the preferred supplier if the stock level of a specific item falls below a threshold. Or to automatically assign leads to the right salesperson based on certain rules.
```
